I am writing this review focused primarily on people who are considering jumping from the 13" MacBook Pro to the 14" MacBook Pro, which is what I did. I moved from the 13" MacBook Pro M1 with 16gb of RAM to the 14" MacBook Pro M1 Pro with 16gb of RAM.Size: So, 1" of screen might not seem like a lot on its face, but the difference is pretty substantial, in my opinion. Even the pictures don't quite do it justice. The screen feels considerably larger in a package that isn't considerably larger. For me, it's the perfect sweet spot for someone who wants something larger than the 13" model, but smaller than the 16". I had a 16" MacBook Pro i9 and it was just too much for me. This one feels perfect.Form Factor: The new 14" and 16" MacBooks both adopt a thicker chassis, which is shown in the pictures. As such, Apple decided to make the casing flat instead of gently rounded. It honestly reminds me of the pre-unibody builds, but still sleek and modern. If I didn't know this one was new and you just laid them side-by-side, I might say that the old form factor looks a little newer, but that isn't to say that it looks bad.Aesthetics: Overall, I touched on the aesthetics a bit in the "form factor" section. It looks like a high-end laptop, but at the same time I can see some people thinking it looks dated. I personally like the flatter look over the more rounded look, but it will depend on the person. Another thing I like is moving the "MacBook Pro" branding from under the screen to the bottom of the casing. I just think it provides a cleaner look during use. The black background of the keyboard is also a plus for me. The old space gray background was fine, but I really like the black.Function: Most people probably won't notice a massive difference in the previous iteration and the new iteration. For the 14" and 16" MacBook Pros, the touchbar has been removed. This will make a lot of people happy. For me, I was always pretty ambivalent about the touchbar, but I'm not going to complain about a key row there. The keyboard appears to have ever so slightly more travel and bounce. It's not a huge amount, but it is noticeable. I'll touch on The Notch later.Performance: My 13" had the M1 chip and now my 14" as the M1 Pro. So far, I haven't noticed a tremendous difference when using programs like Logic Pro, Illustrator, Photoshop, and Lightroom, but I wouldn't say those are super intensive programs. If you're exporting massive 8K videos, you might want to jump up to the M1 Max. One thing I have noticed is that the thermals are maybe a little bit worse. Just a touch. I have noticed it warming up a bit, but the fan still has not come on once. I only mention this because my 13" M1 stayed cold at all times. It's not as bad as my i9, which sounded like a jet engine revving up while it jumped well over 100 degrees, but it's something to be aware of.The Notch: Honestly, so much has been made of the notch and I think it's mostly overstated. Yes, it's fun to meme the fact that Apple still hasn't found a way around the notch, particularly on iPhones, but it's really not a huge deal. Were it up to me, I would have just left a bezel up there, but I can understand why Apple didn't. I use a Dell XPS for work and it has razor thin bezels with no notch, but at the same time the camera is an absolute joke. Looks like it's from 2002.The Notch (cont'd): The notch behavior can be inconsistent from app to app, but not to the point where it's bothersome. I have seen some programs with very large nav menus up top bump the status bar out of the way to make room. And while this particular phenomenon is not something new for MacBooks, losing a big chunk of that bar to the notch will likely make this a more regular occurrence for people. Do I wish it didn't have a notch? Yeah, probably. Does it hurt the experience? Very, very little.Screen: For everyday indoor use, which is almost exclusively what I do, I think you will be hard-pressed to find a better screen on the market. The 120Hz refresh rate is something I waited a long time to get on the iPhone, so I was pretty shocked to see it implemented on the new MacBook Pros just a month later. It actually has more pixels/inch than the iMac 27" 5K screen, which I also use pretty regularly. All-in-all, the screen is just the best in the business.Overall: It's a great and powerful laptop for someone who is wanting a little more than web surfing and word processing. I use mine primarily for recording music, as well as live performances using standalone plugins, so I need something that is powerful and easy to use. The MacBook Pro has always fit the bill, but now with the M1, M1 Pro, and M1 Max chips, I have absolutely no concern for performance or consistency.My 13" M1 did just what I needed in this regard, but I'm someone who wanted a slightly larger screen without drastically increasing my footprint and weight. The 14" MacBook Pro with the M1 Pro chip is just what I needed. If you're someone who needs absolutely top notch performance, I'd recommend upgrading the RAM and going with the M1 Max.I haven't upgraded my computer for more than a decade, so it would stand to reason any recent releases would impress me, but this macbook pro has gone above and beyond in the small time I've had it.The screen is truly something to behold. Smooth, clear, just beautiful. I don't typically care about bezels, but I might start. The expanded screen makes an unexpected difference. Meanwhile, I barely notice the notch. Apple said they'd find workarounds to make it scarce, and they have.The speakers are wonderful as well. I was skeptical at first -- thought I caught some tinny effects on a couple songs, but the more I listen to them, the more I'm convinced the tinniness was in the recording (it was a live album, which might explain it). As for the spatial audio, I've only heard a couple songs, but it's pretty trippy. This is my first experience with it, and it doesn't disappoint.In the short time I've had the computer, it's been nothing but fast. Probably more computer than I need, so if you're a sound editor or photographer, this review probably isn't for you. But for those of you casual users who want a solid machine that will last (as I said, my last macbook pro made it more than a decade), this is the one. Excited as I was for my last macbook, I could see room for improvement at the time. Right now, I don't see how things get better than this.M1 pro chip is super powerful - photo/video editing, graphic design - this thing just kills it. Compared to previous MacBook Pro, it's a giant leap ahead. These tasks are a main reason to buy the pro version of the Macbook. This particularly model is the lower end of the spec you can get for a pro,  but it still kicks butt. You can get the Pro Max chip and bump up the RAM to 64GB if you want - and add tons more storage. The 14 inch MacBook pro is the perfect size for a balance of portability and power. It can do pretty much everything the 16 inch version does. The display is stunning. Just gorgeous. 120hz capability (pro motion) gets rid of blur when scrolling and makes for clearer action when viewing movies. The brightness and black levels on the display are awesome. Real HDR viewing -  a big difference. You will hear about "the notch" at the top of the screen where the camera is. After 10 minutes I don't even notice it. It means nothing for your experience. Its just something critics have chosen to harp about. in most apps the notch is no even visible. Camera is now a full 1080p and is a big upgrade over previous MacBooks. Six speaker sound system with new woofers - sounds incredible. Music/movies it feels like surround sound. For video conferencing the microphones are studio quality and you can tell - this is great for video conferencing. The keyboard is a dream to type on. Very solid like all MacBooks, no spongy feel you get with so many other laptops. The Apple Magic Keyboard is the best - as is the track pad. Battery life is amazing. I have gone all day on battery without needing to plug in. At best its spec says 17 hours, which is crazy! Especially for this spec...but for real world use with a mix of tasks, it won't be 17 hours but I did a 9 hour session yesterday, and still had a ton of battery left. The power efficiency is ground breaking. They have added back the MagSafe power plug - which is great! And added back an SD card slot and and an HDMI port - which many of us hated the previous macs that deleted these ports. I wish it had at least one USB-A old style port - but it doesn't. You get three USB-C thunderbolt 4 ports that you can use with adapters if needed. They got rid of the touch screen bar at the top of the keyboard from previous pro MacBooks and put back the regular mechanical keys for the controls. Apparently they listened to a lot of users who didn't really like the touch pad. The shape and style of this laptop is great. Some say the edge of the laptop looks "sharp" where your wrists rest. That is BS. I have been typing most of the day and I don't feel any issue with the edge of the laptop at all. Very comfy for typing. Some haters may try to find reasons to bash this new Macbook Pro, but I am telling you - from any perspective, all brand bias aside -  this is an amazing laptop - the best Apple has ever made, hands down. And I would say you won't find a better power laptop anywhere.  All that said - this is not a gamers machine. Apple is not for hard core gamers. I mean you can play games on it that you get from the app store. I am a hard core gamer and a PC geek  - I have a powerful windows PC for gaming. And always will. But for everything else. this MacBook is king. I use to for music, for photo and video editing, for productivity. I can plut into a giant monitor if I want a bigger screen - it works great on my 34 inch IPS panel. So if you are wondering if this Macbook 14 inch pro is the real deal or not - I am here to tell you, its the real deal. I finally upgraded from my 2015 MacBook pro because this new one hits so many sweet spots - revolutionary power and battery life, excellent ergonomic design, great sound, stunning display - its the whole package. If you are thinking of getting one - you won't be disappointed. One last comment. I am an old timer windows guy, and I know all the counter arguments for the Mac. Many wills say this is overpriced compared to a windows laptop with similar spec. First, show me an intel based laptop that can match these new M1 Pro chips - you can't. And aside from that, the Mac OS is secure and stable - rock solid - and is intuitive with amazing features - like the ability to copy and paste text FROM A PHOTO! Whaaat? And the design/ergonomics/quality of these MacBooks is unmatched. So, yes you pay more - but you get more. My last MacBook pro lasted me almost 7 years and it still works great. If you want this laptop - get it! It rocks.I have a Mabook Pro covered by Apple care. The computer needs a new battery. To make a long story short Apple left me for months with a computer, again under warranty, which I can use for a couple of hours for simple tasks like web browsing before it needs to be recharged. Apple refused to replace the battery because the diagnostic read 81% not below 80 % as per policy. In all this Apple didn’t have any problems asking me to invest countless hours of my time between doing clean installs trips to apple stores etc.. I feel a more respectful way to treat me as a loyal customer could have been let us replace the battery first and if that doesn’t fix the issue which I seriously doubt ask me to do troubleshooting. All this to save something that would probably cost you few $$. Seriously ?This laptop has a superior display, superior speakers, superior camera and an excellent keyboard. Don't go cheap and buy the "affordable" MacBook Air base model like some of these talking heads have been advising. It's not a good buy if you are unhappy with it after six months, and believe me, you will be unhappy with 8 GB of RAM and two USB ports after six months. M1 MacBooks are not upgradeable so if you find that you need more RAM, you are stuck. Unless all you are doing sending emails, tweets, and watching TicTok, you will probably need something more, especially if you are using your laptop for work. I'm using my MacBook Pro with an LG UltraFine 5K 27 inch display as my desktop system, which replaces a 27 inch iMac. I'm very happy.I probably got a faulty laptop but the charger status doesn’t show it’s charging when plugged in, only thing indicating that it’s charging is the orange light. My chrome windows keeps crashing whenever I put the computer to sleep and the external video display rarely connectsI never write reviews, but feel compelled to write one for this Macbook Pro. I've owned macs consistently since 1990s and have dealt with eye strain on the air and now on this laptop. It gave me horrible headaches and eye strain even with a matte protector. I returned it and am now looking at PCs for the first time because if I can't read from the screen without it making me sick, I can't use it.The media could not be loaded.
                



 My first MacBook ever! I had been saving up for it before the official drop— & I was not disappointed! Love the Touch ID feature, and it’s so efficient! Can’t wait to use it when I go back to school!I knew something was wrong when I opened the box and the laptop was not covered in plastic. Then when you tried to set it up, there was already someone else’s Apple ID LOCKED  into the laptop. Surprise! Totally useless. When ordered, there was no indication that it was refurbished or old. Be sure to check all information regarding your purchase before buying. If it’s not packaged correctly, send it back.I live abroad and had it sent to a friends house in the US while I was visiting. Brought it home in South America and during software update at first use, screen went black. Computer was still on but the screen went black several times. When cold, it works fine but after 5 minutes or so, screen starts blackening completely.I have registered my issue through CS but cant get support in Peru as the model isnt here yet. Hopefully they will respect the warranty when I go back in July. It will be shut in its box until thenThe upgrade from my 2014 Macbook Pro was easy, as one expects from Apple.  The new display is noticeably brighter.  My zoom meetings look like I'm in a brighter space.  I bought a USB-C (thunderbolt 3) to USB adaptor so I could use my old Time Machine drive.  Although I moved from a 15" display down to a 14" display, the smaller size is no problem, perhaps because the colors are so bright.This macbook is assum. A bit of a challenge learning their OS after 15 years on windows but it was worth the buy.  The M1 is powerful and does heavy 4k video rendering without getting warm.  This blows away anything Intel has.  It runs Microsoft 365 so all my files are avaliable on one drive.  The video screen is assum and perfect colors.  Do yourself a favor.  Buy this you won't be dissapointed.To be very fair any laptop would have been a upgrade for me. Haven't purchased one since 2014. But this MacBook in the 14" is great. Ready to use it to it's full potential. Also ready for more options of cases and sleeves to be available.Did now want apple products and now Amazon will not refund my money after I have returned the item to the locker as the directions told me to do.Bought brand new.Right away the fan runs constantly even with no apps running. The temperature is not hot or even warm. So strange and too expensive to already be having this issue.What can I say? Just a fantastic beast of a laptop and incredibly gorgeous.This is a great laptop to use for productivity, which is why I mainly purchased it. Has a reliable reputation, bright AF screen, sturdy chassis, 16gb ram is good enough for most users so it's pretty damn fast, and just an overall well rounded computer. There are however a few things I do no like about the computer itself and macos. I come from a long line of window users and continue to prefer windows over macos.1.) The keyboard is so mushy! It's so annoying to use. I own a 2018 MacBook Pro and I prefer the keyboard on that 1000 times over. It's more response and tactile. I absolutely hate the keyboard on the macbook 14. I went out of my way to purchase a logitech craft keyboard and that's amazing let me tell you.2.) The window splitting on macos is so stupid! I cannot have multiple windows open on the first attempt. I wish it was more like windows were you just drag them to the side and you split it! Boom that is so simple.3.) Macos does not support a lot of games, but that's a pretty decent trade off I guess.4.) The price and the fact that for that price it's not customizable.I mean there aren't a lot of bad things about it but for the life of me I am unable to stand this pc when I need to have multiple excel spreadsheets and Adobe or Word documents open! I usually end up closing this pc in frustration and just use my blade 14! Now that's a PC! Just wish the screen was oled or at least 4k, but it's fine. I would prefer that over the macbook 14 anyway.This is the perfect laptop for so many use cases. I use a lot of content creating apps and websites and this machine has not gotten hot once! Really one of the best purchases I've made especially in the computer space. I usually keep laptops for 6+ years and I do not see that changing with this one. However, there are a couple of drawbacks, if you need MS Access then you will need to use an emulator to run Windows on the laptop (Parallels does an awesome job of that) and some web file hosting applications still don't work for M1 laptops like Box. So if Box is your file hosting solution in the office, it is not yet supported but they claim to be working on it.This is the BEST purchase of my life. This computer is epic, stylish, fast and easy to use.I’ve never had a Mac before. It have all the other toys (phone, watch, iPad) so this was a natural choice. However, coming from a Windows background, I was nervous.I watched a few videos and found it intuitive and easy to navigate. FAST beyond description and the ‘excel comparable’ program, Numbers, is FAR better than Excel. I was promptly able to create a spreadsheet with formulas, billet points and drop down menus in less than 30 minutes.In short, this has changed my routine for work & home use & I wish I’d bought it years ago!Computer doesn’t charge and is defective. Very frustrating as it synced up with my iphone and grabbed all my data. Now repair shop is trying to reset it with only 10% battery. My first Apple computer MacPro purchase. Will return. Very disappointed.Although it’s taking me several weeks to get all the “ducks in a row” and transfer all my stuff from my 2012 iMac, this machine is phenomenal. It does things differently, but way more efficiently. I really love it. Welcome to a new decade.Video Player is loading.Play VideoPlayMuteCurrent Time 0:00/Duration 0:02Loaded: 100.00%0:00Stream Type LIVESeek to live, currently behind liveLIVERemaining Time -0:02 1xPlayback RateChaptersChaptersDescriptionsdescriptions off, selectedCaptionsCaptions off, selectedAudio Trackdefault, selectedFullscreenThis is a modal window.


 Excellent product. The keyboard is very comfortable to type on. The screen is great. Everything works smooth without any fan noise. You can’t go wrong with this product.Only reason 4 Starts because, although marked PRIME it was not able to be delivered in the 2 days ! explanation - "it's coming from warehouse further out", will be delivered following week on Tuesday. It shipped late and so didn't arrive until Wednesday. Otherwise, I love my purchase of the Apple 14" Mac Book Pro (Silver). The graphics and sound are excellent and I am really liking the feel of the keys/keyboard and finger ID for login. It's so much quicker and easier to use than the Lenovo Idea Pad that this Apple is replacing. Already had a Mac Desktop and as have iPhone so makes sense to switch laptop to Apple. Apple so much better, lasts longer, no virus worry or continual purchase of protection plans....LOVE IT !Only reason 4 Starts because, although marked PRIME it was not able to be delivered in the 2 days ! explanation - "it's coming from warehouse further out", will be delivered following week on Tuesday.  It  shipped late and so didn't arrive until Wednesday.  Otherwise, I love my purchase of the Apple 14" Mac Book Pro (Silver). The graphics and sound are excellent and I am really liking the feel of the keys/keyboard and finger ID for login.  It's so much quicker and easier to use than the Lenovo Idea Pad that this Apple is replacing.  Already had a Mac Desktop and as have iPhone so makes sense to switch laptop to Apple.  Apple so much better, lasts longer, no virus worry or continual purchase of protection plans....LOVE IT !I’ve owned scores of laptops and MacBooks over the years, and this is hands down the finest machine I’ve ever used. It is significantly heavier than the 2019 MacBook Pro 13 I previously had, by at least a couple lbs. That is the only downside I can think of, and this newer machine makes up for it with far superior battery life and processing power. The screen and graphics are simply breathtaking.  I look forward to using this for years.Love my new laptop, so much lighter and faster than my old 2012 macbook.  Even though the screen is 2 in smaller, it is easier to read because the colors are brighter and the text more clear.  Setting it up was easy, except for a conflict with my Norton antivirus which i had to remove to connect to the internet with my wifi network.  The touch pad is large and responsive, keys are easy to press, and it's very portable.It is small, light, and fast.  Has an excellent screen.  And for such a small light computer I do like all the ports that it has.  Of course I had to get all new cables/adapters since none of the ports on my old MacBook Pro matched.  This Macbook has no USB A port, so you will need an adapter to read that stack of USB flash drives that you have, or that friends and colleagues send you.  But I do prefer the Thunderbolt 4 ports to USB.I love the beautiful 14 inch screen and1 Terabyte of massive space on my new MacBook Pro 2021!  Thank you Apple!I was scammed into getting this item. The item listing is a scam. Beware!!I have averaged a new laptop every 18-24 months for the last 15 years. I decided, based on friends’ experiences and reviews, to invest in this MacBook Pro and am extremely satisfied. It is light years ahead of the other laptops I’ve owned. I was concerned if I’d adapt to a Mac, but it is crazy-easy and very intuitive.Super fast laptop with great battery life.  Lightweight with amazing screen and speakers.  Recommend a USB C hub, as many common ports are missing and it’s not convenient to carry around multiple dongles for each external device.Honestly was worried it was way over priced but put it puts my old computer to shame. Super fast and the screen is amazing. No matter what I do fans never cut on. I use Xcode and adobe photoshop and some video editing. I can run all 3 at once with no slow downs. My Mac book air 2020 couldn’t handle video editing at all. The fans were ramped for lift off. Now I can put it to rest in closet funeral may god put him to rest.So far so good!! I bought this M1 MBP and I'm happy with its functionality. It has delivered what the advertisements claim to say. I have been able to work out of this computer since I bought it. The battery life is incredible; one charge can last most of the day with basic usage, but of course it would require another charge if using RAM intensive applications but overall I'm happy with this upgrade. The M1 processor is such a nice upgrade because processing time have improved because the work is done so much faster, and the 16gb of RAM definitely is a nice combination.After waiting for years for Apple to realize the touch bar was a terrible idea, that a laptop needs a working keyboard, and that the real world requires more than a single USB C port (#dongleLife), I was very pleased with the hardware specs of this new model.Unfortunately, I immediately returned upon unboxing. This design feels like cheap plastic and is just outright ugly. It honestly looks like they used surplus cases from an unreleased model back in 2012 that was supposed to ship after the white polycarbonate MacBook, but was shelved in favor of the MacBook Air announcement.No thanks. I'm sticking with my mid-2014 MacBook Pro that seriously looks space age in comparison to this.Great version of Macbook Pro, I come from the 13" with only two USB-C ports (major failure in the design), so I really appreciate the new ports, the storage capacity, the speed, the battery but most of all I really love the Touch ID (fingerprint recognition) on the Power Button, now I can use my fingerprint to unlock MacBook Pro or to quickly lock the screen. What a practical function!A  gift for my son. The first time he will be using an apple computer but I have confidence he will learn and appreciate the beauty, and quality of apple products.  Apple has been Pricy... but it is worth the price.I don't need all of the power in this chip, but trying to tech proof myself for the next 8-10 Years as software may progress enough that I might need it.  This is my 4th or 5th MacBook Pro.What's not to like? Best MacBook I've ever owned, but I've only had 3 in twenty yearsWas nervous about purchasing a used macbook, but I'm glad I did. Buying used saved me $500 and amazon did a great job packaging it and cleaning it so it looked new! Awesome buy!I had to return my MacBook Pro 14 - M1 Pro because of a very abnormal sound that was produced when I would run certain applications. The sound was not produced by the speakers.This is my first time with a MacBook laptop after been using Windows and Linux and I actually love it. M1 chip introduction last year got my attention and when I decided to buy it, this one was about to release so I just wait and have no regrets about.I just love the screen and overall design of the laptop, the performance is excellent too I haven't experienced any problems.The only concern I could have is compatibility, I'm a software engineer but I've been able to run everything so far with the help of Rosetta 2.Pros:Perfect keyboard. Perfect display. Perfect performance. Perfect battery life.Cons:Sliiighly expensive. Don't get me wrong, it's an impressive machine, and good for value.But it should not cost double the cost of M1 Macbook Air.I love my new MacBook. It’s exactly as advertised, and the original packaging is pristine. No issues what so ever. My only issue is that I wasn’t able to sign up for apple care…that might be an apple issue and not a seller issue.I’m still getting used to using Apple products but this laptop is everything! I absolutely love it!The style I like very much, the screen and sound are really not to mention, the space gray is still very atmospheric, that is, if the resources are occupied more and more hot, some will reach 90 °. The whole family of Apple barrels is ready, and the escort and universal control won my heart.Upgrade from my 2017 MacBook Pro did not disappoint! Extremely fast and the display does not strain your eyes at all, great machine!Absolutely fantastic. Best computer I have ever owned.Apple's reputation speaks for itself. Not everyone needs the power of a MacBook Pro. But, those that do will love this computer. Blazingly fast, long battery life and solid build quality.This I my second MacBook Pro but my first brand new one. It’s sleek and and light weight. I really like the fingerprint reader. The battery life is really better than I imagined, exceptional. I mostly edit photos and use word for writing. I am very happy with my purchase.Latest purchase since late 2013 27" iMac, Intel 4 core, w 32 mb mem.Very pleased overall, great addition to my iMac. They work togeather well. One note, MacBook's SD card reader is slower than the iMac's.It was delivered on time and in excellent condition. My first MacBook. I’m very happy with it.This new macBook Pros with the M1 Pro chips are incredible laptops.  The have a lot of performance in a slimline case.  Even at full processing they don't get superhot and barely make any noise.  My only complaint is value compared to the Intel/AMD equivalent laptops.  They are much more expensive, but what they make up for in build quality, the keyboard feel, battery life and display resolution, they are well worth the extra that you pay.Everything like u can see in YouTube videos or other posts here!!Works like a charm out of the box.  Bought a set of USB converter cables to allow use of legacy devices.  Battery life has been outstanding so far.The computer runs well and looks great. It seems a bit heavier and thicker than earlier models. Speakers sound great for a laptop. I love that they brought back the magnetized charging cable too.Apple is king of tech :-)Expensive, for a reasonProduct has great battery life, excellent screen with ink blacks and bright highlights, especially on HDR sources. For developers such as myself it flies through any workflow. I can’t recommend it enough, even though it’s an expensive laptop.Expensive Macintosh product, but got it for something like 200 off.  BB wouldn't price match.  Good laptop.just about perfect in every way, fast, crisp, powerful.  capabilities exceed what normal users will ever use.  not flawless but perfect overall.Worked great while home, I’ve been traveling and it won’t recognize my login or WiFi while I’m traveling. It’s annoying and I’ve tried all of the tips /tricks I’ve seen online to bypass initial login.I love the redesigned sleek look of this new version of the supreme MachineCame 2 days earlier then estimated. Opened and powered on no problem. Should get a smile at Christmas.I like it, not sure what even all this machine will do.M1 chip is a limitation in using many of applications. I will sell it and migrate again to PC.Tankier than last generations but is made up for with ports, performance, and mini-LED screen. Travels well when needed and has great screen real-estate for its class. If you have the money, I would definitely invest in this one or the 16in if needed.Awesome Laptop . Speed and storage is great .I like the product but amazon changed price the day I purchased and rather asked me to return the item instead of giving partial refund.Amazing screenBeen using it for a while and perfectly functions good with new softwareThe power and battery life are much improved over my old Intel based 13" MBP. It is a little heavier and ever so slightly boxier. Powerful enough that I considered not replacing my desktop but them the Mac Studio came out!If ur buying a 2k Mac nothing I can say here you don't already know.Love love loveThe latest processor from Apple coupled with improved retina 120 Hz display makes this machine much desirable.  The size is comfortable and not very heavy.  Battery life is really good, it can last one full day.The laptop arrived 3 days earlier than expected and was about $40 cheaper than ordering from the Apple Store. The screen is AMAZING! My only wish is that it had a USB port but they have an adapter for that.these new m1pro chips are amazing, very reliable!Excelente, muy recomendadoI have plenty of Space for storage! I went from an MacBook Air and it’s a new world lol.Device came new as advertised and it's a powerhouse. Zero complaints perfect transaction A+Excelente compra, a tiempo, y con un gran servicio. La MacBook vuela para desarrollar software, la batería dura mucho tiempo y esta excelente.My battery doesn't really last that long, even if I'm not using the computer, the battery drains pretty fast!Work great as it should.El producto esta en perfectas condiciones y funciona de manera correcta. Cumple con todas las características que se describen en la tienda.Great PurchaseGood powerGood productIt was exactly what I needed.Awesome. Received in mint conditions.Great productworks fineIntroApple’s M1 silicon debuted a year ago, infusing the entry-level 2020 MacBook Air & 13” MacBook Pro with extraordinary computing power. Apple’s now changing the equation—and opens up the Pro to a wider range of creators & professionals—with the 14-inch MacBook Pro (starts at $1,999; $2,899 as tested). Debuting a new screen size for Apple laptops, this MacBook Pro is the notebook that Mac-minded creative professionals have been waiting for, with a much-more-powerful Apple chip (the M1 Pro), an extensive selection of ports (including some old essentials returning), and revolutionary screen technology. If you're a student and have been looking for a laptop that’s portable enough to take between classes and powerful enough to handle your power-hungry applications, then this is the review for you...Design & BuildMany of us have been asking for a MacBook Pro redesign for years, and with the MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021) we finally get it. This is the biggest overhaul the lineup has had in years, and it feels like Apple is once again passionate and excited about the MacBook Pro – and that excitement is infectious.The most noticeable design change is the new 14.2-inch screen size and almost one-inch increase on the 13.3-inch display that comes with the MacBook Pro 13-inch. This extra screen real estate is well used, offering you a much larger area to work on than the 13-inch model, without increasing the overall size of the laptop too much. If the 16-inch MacBook Pro feels too big, and the 13-inch MacBook Pro too small, then the 14-inch could be the perfect compromise.The resolution has also been upped from 2,560 x 1,600 on the 13-inch to 3,024 x 1,964, which boosts the pixel density from 227 pixels per inch (PPI) to 254 PPI. Not only is this a larger screen, but it’s sharper as well. The bezels around the screen have also been slimmed down. The thick surrounds of previous MacBooks were one of my biggest concerns. They made the laptops look bulky and outdated, while rivals like Dell are bringing out laptops with ever thinner bezels around the screen.So, the thinner bezels on the 14-inch MacBook Pro are extremely welcome. Not only does it make the laptop look more modern, and lets your full attention fall on that gorgeous screen, but it means that Apple has managed to fit in a larger screen without making the actual body of the MacBook Pro any larger. The slimmed-down bezels come at a cost, however, as Apple has introduced one of its most controversial design decisions in recent memory – a ‘notch’ that surrounds the webcam.Unlike the notch of the iPhone camera, which caused its own share of controversy when it was introduced, the notch in the MacBook Pro 14-inch (and the new 16-inch MacBook Pro, which also has it). It’s certainly noticeable, as the notch extends down into the menu bar that runs along the top of the screen. However, macOS Monterey, which comes pre-installed on the MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021), is designed to deal with it. The menu bar of apps adapts to the notch, so if numerous menu entries run along the menu bar, they are rearranged so they appear on either side of the notch. The mouse cursor, meanwhile, moves beneath the notch.However, it’s not the major breaker many people are making it out to be. It actually allows for more screen space, as the menu bar itself is now higher up (thanks to the reduced bezels). This allows the application to then take up even more screen space below it, resulting in more desktop real estate for working on.When you open up the MacBook Pro 14-inch, another major redesign reveals itself: there’s no longer a Touch Bar that runs along the top of the keyboard. This thin display was included in various MacBook Pro models from 2016 onwards, replacing the physical function keys. Instead, it showed interactive buttons that were context-sensitive and would change depending on the application you were using.The Touch Bar proved to be unpopular among some users who found it gimmicky, and third-party app makers didn’t really use it to its full potential.With the new MacBook Pros, the Touch Bar is gone, replaced by the return of physical keys. There’s still a Touch ID button, for logging in using just your fingerprint, and that continues to work well. If you didn’t like the Touch Bar, then you’ll be pleased to see the back of it, but its absence will disappoint anyone who actually liked the feature. The rest of the keyboard is the same Magic Keyboard found in recent MacBooks.The other major design change is when it comes to ports, with the MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021) featuring three Thunderbolt 4 ports, one HDMI port, an SDXC card slot, and a MagSafe 3 port. With all those ports at your disposal, you can connect up to three Pro Display XDRs and a 4K TV with M1 Max, or two Pro Display XDRs if you opt for the M1 Pro. This increase in ports is extremely welcome, as I’ve been complaining in the past that MacBook Pros don’t come with enough of them. These are laptops aimed at professionals, so while only having a few USB-C ports on a consumer laptop like the MacBook Air is fine, when it comes to professional laptops, you need more ports, as you’re likely to be plugging in more equipment.PortabilityThe 14-inch MacBook Pro is small enough to go around with you regularly, although it doesn't feel as weightless as the 2.8-pound MacBook Air it is still pretty lightweight and won’t be a hassle to carry around classes considering its size and weight which is around 3.5 pounds. The Macbook is also very good while using it on the lap as it does not heat to extreme temperatures and remains cool during most tasks. Whether you're in the library typing a research paper or in your bedroom editing a project that you procrastinated on, the MacBook fans rarely ever kick in.PerformanceWhile the new design of the MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021) is one of the most exciting things about this product, the tweaks Apple made to the hardware beneath the chassis are even more.Apple blew us away with its M1 chip when it debuted in the 13-inch MacBook Pro last year. For the first attempt at its own laptop silicon, after previously using Intel components, it was an assured and successful showing, giving the MacBook Pro 13-inch (M1, 2020) and MacBook Air (M1, 2020) enough power to edit 8K videos, while also boasting excellent battery life. So, when Apple announced not one, but two new chips at the MacBook Pro 14-inch’s launch event, I took notice. The M1 Pro and M1 Max are both available in the MacBook Pro 14-inch and offer performance that far exceeds the M1.Regardless of what processor you choose, both the M1 Pro and M1 Max are big leaps over the existing M1 chip, and the M1 chip was no slouch, to begin with. The M1 Pro has a dual-chip architecture that supports up to 32GB of unified memory, with a bandwidth of 200GB/s, which is almost three times the bandwidth of the M1.The CPU has eight high-performance cores and two high-efficiency cores, and the M1 Pro will switch between these to optimize performance to whatever tasks you're running. For graphics, the M1 Pro comes with a 16-core GPU with 2,048 execution units, and a performance of 5.2 teraflops, which Apple promises is two times faster graphics performance compared to the M1. There is also a version of the M1 Pro with eight cores in total. This appears to be six performance and two efficiency cores, and a 14-core GPU and is available in the cheaper model of the MacBook Pro 14-inch.If you have money burning a hole in your pocket, or some really demanding applications to run, then you can opt for the M1 Max instead. This flagship chip supports up to twice the amount of memory as the M1 Pro and is also made up of 57 billion transistors, almost twice that of the M1. For Storage Apple now uses SSDs and the entry-level model is equipped with 512 Gigs of storage, and you can configure your storage space up to 8TB, but the additional prices are high.ProductivityFor content creation and creative work, these are the most powerful laptops I’ve ever tested.The basic M1-family chip design is easy enough to understand, even though it’s a new kind of chip architecture compared to x86 since the fundamental parts are all the same. Apple has three kinds of processor cores — efficiency, performance, and GPU — and all the M1 chips are different combinations of those exact same cores with unified memory between them.Final cut pro really runs smooth and allows for extremely fast editing with no hassle even at higher resolutions. Most of my projects are shot in 4K and exported in h.264.  I rarely experienced a frame drop scrubbing through the timeline. The only time I did was when I had other power-hungry apps running in the background and even that was barely noticeable. Exporting times are ridiculous, I managed to export most videos in just a few minutes.Another thing that will add to the overall productivity experience is ProMotion which is Apple's technology that enables refresh rates up to 120Hz. With that flipped on, scrolling through web pages and documents just felt silky smooth. I definitely noticed that my eyes were less fatigued thanks to the speedy refresh rate. This is becoming more common in the laptop world. Microsoft already beat Apple to the punch by putting a 120Hz screen in the Surface Laptop Studio. ProMotion is also intelligent enough to lower the refresh rate when it makes sense, which goes a long way towards saving battery life. If you're a college student, consider that this is a hefty premium to pay for a better screen and webcam and more ports. It might be like buying a sports car just for driving on city streets. Bring in all day, every day web video meetings, you might be able to make a good case. All that said, the $999 M1 MacBook Air is still my recommendation for mainstream users: It's an extremely useful laptop at a reasonable price.BatteryWhen Apple launched the MacBook Pro 13-inch (M1, 2020), it boasted that it had the longest battery life ever in a MacBook, and the tests confirmed that, so when Apple revealed that the 14-inch could beat the 13-inch by a whopping seven hours, I couldn’t wait to try it out for myself. Apple claims that the MacBook Pro 14-inch can hit up to 17 hours when playing fullscreen videos, and 11 hours of wireless web browsing.This jump in battery life is fantastic, especially when you consider how much more powerful the laptop is. Apple has obviously worked hard to improve the efficiency of its M1 Pro and M1 Max chips, and it means this is a powerful workstation laptop you can work on for a full workday and still have battery life left. As I mentioned earlier, the fact that the impact on performance is minimal when unplugged means for the first time you have a laptop that you can do some seriously intensive workloads on while running off the battery. Even the best Windows laptops can’t compete with that.The new power adapter that’s included with the MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021) can charge the battery to 50% in just 30 minutes. It meant that when I was using the new MacBooks, the few times the battery did drop enough for us to charge it up, I didn’t have to wait long at all for it to reach 100%.PriceThe MacBook Pro 14-inch (2021) with an 8-Core CPU, 14-Core GPU M1 Pro with 16GB unified memory and 512GB SSD storage starts at $1,999 ($1,899 for education), and the more powerful 10-Core CPU, 16-Core GPU M1 Pro with 16GB Unified Memory and 1TB SSD storage will set you back a hefty $2,499If you’re an actual pro, the prices are perhaps easy to justify given the performance, but if you’re just doing everyday productivity work, you can get a lot of great laptops for less than the $2,000 starting price of the 14-inch MacBook Pro. And Apple only putting 16GB of RAM in the base models and charging $400 for an upgrade to 32GB is just ridiculous.ConclusionSo these are the new MacBook Pros. They are some of the best laptops I have ever tested, with an unbeatable combination of lightning-fast performance and tremendous battery life. And Apple seems to have come back to reality in terms of design — well, apart from that notch. But adding some useful ports and ditching the Touch Bar are just smart, practical choices, and honestly worth the upgrade for many people.What are the drawbacks? The biggest one is that these machines are expensive. If you’re an actual pro, the prices are perhaps easy to justify given the performance, but if you’re just doing everyday productivity work, you can get a lot of great laptops for less than the $2,000 starting price of the 14-inch MacBook Pro. And Apple only putting 16GB of RAM in the base models and charging $400 for an upgrade to 32GB is just ridiculous.But with all that said: the new MacBook Pros are excellent. And I am hopeful that Apple learned an important lesson about ports.I was all hyped up receiving a new MAC computer, but what a disappointment.Cons:1. Eye strain to the max even after adjusting light and font size.I let time pass, nothing helped, my eyes were really strained with headaches.2. The pages were auto moving with the mouse arrow. I couldn't touch the mouse without the pages moving in same direction. I adjusted settings but the pages still moved up/down and sideways with any arrow movement. I ended up having to do a factory restore on a new computer which I shouldn't have to, too see if the movement would disappear, but when it was done the icons were HUGE! I'm talking over an inch big.I was so frustrated with it and so disappointed, I had no choice but send it back.When it arrived back according to UPS, it took over a week to get my refund back from Amazon.Pros:The sound was beautiful, deep, clearLoved the backlit keyboard(but I'm afraid that's all the good I can say about it)WOW! Going from my mid-spec 2019 13" MacBook pro to 2021 14" BASE model is a night and day difference in performance, looks, usability with ports, and the list goes on... Geekbench shows huge gains, double in single-core, triple in multi-core, and four times higher in open CL.*I am not a video/photo editor, just an ordinary office user, so this should last many years to come!All I can see is the ugly black notch when using this thing. What is otherwise a great laptop is ruined by this completely stupid decision to cut out a large chunk of the screen. Doesn’t even have Face ID so why?? It actually makes it seem like a smaller screen than my old 13”. It cuts off the top menu bar, it is so bizarre to use. The keyboard isn’t the best either. It’s pretty thick and chunky kind of like they went back to old design. Lose the dumb notch and it would be good.Have never written a review but I was so excited for this computer but with the Liquid Retina I believe and even with a matte screen cover having major migraines. It’s so sad to have to return it but can’t work with the major headaches and nothing works tried all the settings and a blue light screen.Unbelievable - my MacBook Pro 15 2013 has a better webcam than this machine. Yes, it's 720, not 1080 but the colors and details are still more natural. Really, in a machine that is 8 years old?? I can not make any sense of it - is it because Apple installs better cameras on 15/16 inch MacBook Pros?Then the speakers.. I've seen so much hype in reviews about the speakers. The truth is - the speakers are overloaded with bass and there is no way to adjust them. I suppose for certain type of music or for video games it could be fun. But I have to use a cheap set of external speakers ($19) when teaching my online classes because the built-in speakers on this two grands or so machine make speech sound muffled.I was able to get this MacBook Pro with a $200 discount and might still keep it. I like the screen and of course it is much faster and more smooth than my 2013 MacBook. However, having to compromise on a web camera and speakers when buying a premium laptop is a shame.MacOS is still a joke, but the hardware here definitely is not. This is a truly high quality laptop, through and through. I could go into detail about the individual components, but literally everything from the build, to the screen, CPU, and even the onboard DAC... is absolute quality, for what this thing is: a 14" laptop. I haven't noticed a single compromise on that front.MacOS will get there, someday. How about some progress on FINDER, Apple? Perhaps making it good enough to FIND things?Whatever. 4 stars for the whole package. I'll find things with Windows for now.This MacBook is the absolutely perfect balance of design, battery life and sheer power. I‘ve used six MacBook Pros since 2012, and this is by far the best yet. The 14-inch form factor is PERFECT and I couldn’t ask for anything more. Worth every dollar and the best pick for students who need power (e.g. engineering students.) Downright incredible.Don’t get me wrong, it’s a good laptop for doing homework and writing emails. But beyond that, I don’t see why I was stupid enough to spend this much money on a laptop... the battery life for me is eh, and don’t even try installing steam or trying any games, it stutters like crazy. Don’t buy an apple laptop, save your money and buy a cheaper laptop.That all I have to say. Amazing.I spent a ton of money on this machine but it doesn't have any USB or SD ports and unfortunately every single adapter I've ever bought has been crap. The adapter will disconnect every 2 seconds even when I don't touch it making every single thing I want to do completely unworkable. I hate this Mac with every part of my being, and I have always been a Mac girl up until they took away the SD slot.Carrying dongles everywhere is ridiculous. Avoid apple.Very portable lightweight and the battery is goodFor now, I didn`t buy this MacBook, but my son has watched loads of videos with it, reviews are very nice, so I`m going to order this and tell you about the first impression!This laptop has a fun feature where it can only connect to a single monitor. You have to spend hundreds on a hub device to make it work. SO user friendly, thanks Apple!sent me base modelDon’t get me wrong, it’s a good laptop for doing homework and writing emails. But beyond that, I don’t see why I was stupid enough to spend this much money on a laptop... the battery life for me is eh, and don’t even try installing steam or trying any games, it stutters like crazy. Don’t buy an apple laptop, save your money and buy a cheaper laptop.That all I have to say. Amazing.I spent a ton of money on this machine but it doesn't have any USB or SD ports and unfortunately every single adapter I've ever bought has been crap. The adapter will disconnect every 2 seconds even when I don't touch it making every single thing I want to do completely unworkable. I hate this Mac with every part of my being, and I have always been a Mac girl up until they took away the SD slot.Carrying dongles everywhere is ridiculous. Avoid apple.Very portable lightweight and the battery is goodFor now, I didn`t buy this MacBook, but my son has watched loads of videos with it, reviews are very nice, so I`m going to order this and tell you about the first impression!This laptop has a fun feature where it can only connect to a single monitor. You have to spend hundreds on a hub device to make it work. SO user friendly, thanks Apple!sent me base modelDon’t get me wrong, it’s a good laptop for doing homework and writing emails. But beyond that, I don’t see why I was stupid enough to spend this much money on a laptop... the battery life for me is eh, and don’t even try installing steam or trying any games, it stutters like crazy. Don’t buy an apple laptop, save your money and buy a cheaper laptop.That all I have to say. Amazing.I spent a ton of money on this machine but it doesn't have any USB or SD ports and unfortunately every single adapter I've ever bought has been crap. The adapter will disconnect every 2 seconds even when I don't touch it making every single thing I want to do completely unworkable. I hate this Mac with every part of my being, and I have always been a Mac girl up until they took away the SD slot.Carrying dongles everywhere is ridiculous. Avoid apple.Very portable lightweight and the battery is goodFor now, I didn`t buy this MacBook, but my son has watched loads of videos with it, reviews are very nice, so I`m going to order this and tell you about the first impression!This laptop has a fun feature where it can only connect to a single monitor. You have to spend hundreds on a hub device to make it work. SO user friendly, thanks Apple!sent me base model